OBJECTIVE
Find the minimum time required for Alex to make a certain number of wheels have the same air pressure.

DELIVERABLES
Code snippet in either C, C++ or C# coding language to determine the minimum time required (in minutes).

INSTRUCTIONS
Alex has n wheels with different air pressures. He has a car with m wheel slots. He wants to put m wheels out of n wheels he has, so that he can drive the car. But the car can only have wheels with the same air pressure. He can make the air pressure in a wheel higher or lower by 1, but he can only increase the air pressure maximum of k times, as it is difficult to inflate the wheels. He wants to know how much time he needs to spend to make m number of wheels have the same air pressure. 

function prototype: int getMinimumTime(int input1, int input2, int input3, int[ ] input4)

input1: An integer n - Total number of wheels Alex has.

input2: An integer m - Total wheels Alex would like to put on his car.

input3: An integer k - Maximum number of times Alex can increase the air pressure for a single wheel.

input4: An integer array of size n - Different air pressures on each wheel available with Alex.

output: An integer - Which tells Alex, how many minutes it would take him to make m wheels with same air pressure

 

Example-1

input1: 6

input2: 3

input3: 1

input4: {4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42}

output: 8

 

Example-2

input1: 5

input2: 4

input3: 0

input4: {5, 5, 5, 4, 5}

output: 0

 

EVALUATION CRITERIA
Accuracy of the solution in determining the minimum time required.

Efficiency and optimization of the solution.
SUBMISSION GUIDELINES
Register

Click the Register button above to indicate your interest in competing
Complete your work outside of TopCrowd
Return to the challenge and click the Submit Solution button
Submit

Paste a link to your solution (e.g., OneDrive, Google Drive, GitHub, etc.)
Give the public access permissions for the drive. If the link is not accessable it would be considered not submitted.
Ensure the challenge creator/reviewers can read (but not edit) the link/files
If your submission does not require a link, enter “N/A” and provide submission notes instead
Enter submission notes to provide the creator/reviewers with additional context
Click the Submit Solution button to notify the creator/reviewers that it is ready for review
